
# Bulls and Cows Game

Bulls and Cows is a classic code-breaking game where players attempt to guess a secret number or hidden word based on feedback given after each guess.
It's a fun way to challenge your logic and deduction skills!

## Features
- **Single-player mode**: Guess the hidden code generated by the computer.
- **Customizable difficulty**: Choose the length of the hidden code.
- **Feedback mechanism**: Receive "Bulls" for correct digits/letters in the correct position and "Cows" for correct digits/letters in the wrong position.
- **Interactive gameplay**: Easy-to-use interface with real-time feedback.

---

## How to Play
1. The computer generates a secret number with unique digits(excluding 0 from the first position) or hidden word.
2. You guess a code of the same length.
3. After each guess, you'll receive feedback:
   - **Bulls**: The number of digits that are correct and in the correct position.
   - **Cows**: The number of digits that are correct but in the wrong position.
4. Use the feedback to refine your guesses and figure out the secret code.

The game ends when you guess the correct code or decide to give up.

---

## Requirements
- **Python 3.12+**
- **streamlit 1.41+**
- Optional: Virtual environment for isolating dependencies

---

## Installation
1.  Clone the repository:  
	`git clone https://github.com/Armen-Kh/Game_Bulls_And_Cows.git`  
	`cd Game_Bulls_And_Cows`
2.  Create a virtual environment (optional but recommended):  
	python3 -m venv env  
	source env/bin/activate   # On macOS/Linux  
	(env\Scripts\activate # On Windows)
3.  Install dependencies:  
	pip install -r requirements.txt

________________________________________

## Running the Game
1.	Navigate to the project directory:  
	`cd Game_Bulls-And-Cows`
2.	Run the game:  
	`streamlit run game_visualization.py`

________________________________________
